Langref polish (#2193)
slint-ui/slint: docs/langref/src/states.md

```

In this example, the `active` and `active-hovered` states are defined depending on the value of the `active`

> boolean property and the `TouchArea`'s `has-hover`. Hovering will toggle between blue and green background,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
boolean property and the `TouchArea`'s `has-hover`. When the user hovers the example with the mouse, it will toggle between a blue and a green background,
```
